Cohort Import restructuring (#6288)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/cohort_import/mixpanel.md

{% endalert %}

## Data import integration

### Step 1: Get the Braze data import key

In Braze, navigate to **Partner Integrations** > **Technology Partners** and select **Mixpanel**. Here, you will find the REST endpoint and generate your Braze data import key. 

{% alert note %}
If you are using the [older navigation]({{site.baseurl}}/navigation), you can find **Technology Partners** under **Integrations**.
{% endalert %}

Once generated, you can create a new key or invalidate an existing one. The data import key and the REST endpoint are used in the next step when setting up a postback in Mixpanel's dashboard.<br><br>![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/currents-mixpanel-edit.png %})

### Step 2: Set up the Braze integration in Mixpanel

In Mixpanel, navigate to **Data Management > Integrations.** Next, select the Braze integration tab and click **Connect**. In the prompt that appears, provide the Braze data import key and REST endpoint, and click **Continue**.

![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/mixpanel2.png %}){: style="max-width:50%;"}

### Step 3: Export a Mixpanel cohort to Braze

> In Mixpanel, navigate to **Data Management > Cohorts.** Select the cohort to send to Braze and then select **Export to Braze**. Lastly, select a one-time sync or dynamic sync. Selecting dynamic sync will sync your Braze cohort every 15 minutes to match users in Mixpanel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Mixpanel, navigate to **Data Management > Cohorts**. Select the cohort to send to Braze and then select **Export to Braze**. Lastly, select a one-time sync or dynamic sync. Selecting dynamic sync will sync your Braze cohort every 15 minutes to match users in Mixpanel. 
```

![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/mixpanel3.png %}){: style="max-width:50%;"}

### Step 4: Segment users in Braze

In Braze, to create a segment of these users, navigate to **Segments** under **Engagement**, name your segment, and select **Mixpanel_Cohorts** as the filter. Next, use the "includes" option and choose the cohort you created in Mixpanel. 

![In the Braze segment builder, the user attributes filter "Mixpanel cohorts" is set to "includes" and "Braze cohort".]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/mixpanel1.png %})

> Once saved, you can reference this segment during Canvas or campaign creation in the targeting users step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After saving, you can reference this segment during Canvas or campaign creation in the targeting users step.
```
